How to rescue instances (#1538)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/support/faq/pouta-openstack-rescue-mode.md

# How to rescue instances?

> Openstack offers a rescue mode to recover VMs. It is a command that let's use a different image to boot a VM. This can be used when the virtual machine fails to boot due to a kernel panic, full disk, or when you simply lost access to the private key. By allowing you to boot from a different image, you will be able to mount and edit the files on your current disk and fix the problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Openstack offers a rescue mode to recover VMs. It is a command that allows for a different image to boot a VM. This can be used when the virtual machine fails to boot due to a kernel panic, full disk, or when you simply lost access to the private key. By allowing you to boot from a different image, you will be able to mount and edit the files on your current disk and fix the problem.
```
